                                            IDEAS FOR ZERO HUNGER


       1.The Main reason of food shortage is population. The population is a reason to many problems as due to this there is 
         unequal distribution of resources all over the world. It causes lack of education, shortage of food, lack of 
         employment and many of these.

       2.To slove the problem of population in the world is to shift people from higher concentration to lower concentrated
         part of the world.It seems to be impractical but its taken from nature's law. To become a citizen of other country at
         a go is difficult but it is possible.Can't we be just Earthiens except to be Indians,Americans or what we are.   

       3.At root level certain initiatives can be taken like all people of a particular region can come together and can do
         farming at a large scale with high yeilding seeds,morden technology,proper management system during and after harvest  
          which would reduce food shortage and unemployment could also be reduced.

       4.We know that huge amount of food gets wasted every day, they have to be circulated across the people 
         they can be based on different regions like part of the city , in this way we can atlest reduce the hunger.

       5.Minimizing food losses during production,storage and transport,and waste of food by retailers and consumers.

       6.Education is the best weapon against poverty and hunger.It is especially powerful in underdeveloped countries.
         Education means better opportunity and more access to income and food.Additionally, some countries have food-
         for-education programs where students are given free food for coming to school.

       7.It is our prime responsibility that we all have try our best to reduce food waste meal can be forgive for 
         1 time in a day for a person.

       8.The Main causes of poverty is lack of education. Poverty leads to hunger. So it is necessary to increase 
         education for people.

       9.Food wastage in India is happening at different levels:from harvesting,transporting,processing,packaging and 
         consuming.most of the food wastage in caused before it is packaged.This is caused due to the loop holes in
         transport and infrastructure system in India.

